where were you sitting
i'm with mom he will say
in front of the cat was sitting
only years
313 yes and rear juice had two before your
and two of us are only two and how many
years of business is not 788 and your all understand how
tighten the person it was
in 4 seconds .
give a full breath and 34 seconds that is
in 40 minutes that is you also
will be installed to the circuit
I today but not yesterday
to all
over the weekend on the territory
Udmurt Republic in 9
traffic accidents 15
people were injured main view
accident and is a collision transport
funds 6 cases including due to
departure to oncoming traffic
two cases of pedestrian raids and one
a rollover case on which
need to stay more in
day time about 14 hours 20 minutes on
the ninth kilometer of the Kashira tract
Woman driving a car. Lada Kalina.
having one year driving experience
vehicle failed to cope
running through the oncoming lane
traffic moved off the road after which
rollover occurred at the moment
traffic accident
the woman was able
intoxication in the cabin and and
vehicle were children 6
8 and 12 years as a result of an accident
minor injuries got one
child